Added support for C#, VB & F# Languages with .NET Standard 1.0 (#39)
psychrometrics/psychrolib: README.md

|---|---|------|
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/psychrometrics/psychrolib.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/psychrometrics/psychrolib) | [![DOI](https://joss.theoj.org/papers/10.21105/joss.01137/status.svg)](https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01137) | [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.2537945.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.2537945)|

> PsychroLib is a library of functions to enable the calculation of psychrometric properties of moist and dry air. Versions in Python, C, Fortran, JavaScript, Microsoft Excel Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), C#, Visual Basic, and F# with .NET Standard 1.0 (.NET Core >= 1.0 & .NET Framework >= 4.5) are available. The library works in both metric (SI) and imperial (IP) systems of units. For a general overview and a list of currently available functions, please see the [overview page](docs/overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PsychroLib is a library of functions to enable the calculation of psychrometric properties of moist and dry air. Versions are available in Python, C, Fortran, JavaScript, Microsoft Excel Visual Basic for Applications (VBA), and C#, Visual Basic, and F# with .NET Standard 1.0 (.NET Core >= 1.0 & .NET Framework >= 4.5). The library works in both metric (SI) and imperial (IP) systems of units. For a general overview and a list of currently available functions, please see the [overview page](docs/overview.md).
```

- C, Fortran and JavaScript: clone the repository, and bundle according to your requirements.

> - C#: Use the [NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/PsychroLib/). -OR- Clone the repository, and bundle according to your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- C#: from the [NuGet package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/PsychroLib/) manager or clone the repository, and bundle according to your requirements.
```
